Isaak: Hi.
Shawn Phalen: Maria
Isaak: Wrong side.
Isaak: I'm doing better than last time.
Isaak: Yeah, and not so down and out.
Hey, did you get another
Shawn Phalen: You get another haircut.
Isaak: Yeah, yeah. I am extra a little shorter. Yeah.
Isaak: Oh, thanks.
Isaak: Looks really good. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, I wanted something to be more, you know, like, I don't know.
Isaak: Work friendly because you know I'm starting my tapering tomorrow, like whenever I have my group.
Isaak: Down. Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: So you talk to the doctor about doing that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Isaak: Yeah, so I think spin pretty good though. I mean, I'm like, mainly just hanging out with a few friends he past few weeks, like I've seen some friends. I haven't seen in a while that are good news. You know, like, not bad news.
Isaak: But yeah
Shawn Phalen: So when we talked last you're a little bit down because you you turn that drop down at the post office.
Isaak: Yeah. And even though you knew it was better for you. You're still a little bit bummed. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, well, I'm not so bummed anymore like
Isaak: As I mean I was kind of upset about like, you know, last month and stuff.
Isaak: But I mean, I've kind of, you know, I'm doing all right like thankfully I have like, you know, support a family and stuff. And, you know, they just told me not to worry about it you know and like everyone has grown like route for recovery. You know what I mean. And
Isaak: Not like every person you know has their own way of doing this.
Shawn Phalen: You know, you're, you're absolutely right. And I really love that you can identify that you know that you can. Yeah, because I think that, you know, we've talked about this, like you
Shawn Phalen: So far, you know, you've done such a good job.
Yeah, really made huge strides from when we first started making and you should be, you know, really proud of yourself and and you're listening to yourself and you know
Isaak: That's good, that's really at the
Shawn Phalen: End. So, you know, you'll find the right job.
Isaak: It'll come down. I mean like I have a friend that's a manager at railings, and they're hiring right now and that probably just be part time like once I start to taper a little bit. I think I'll be
Isaak: cool with it because I just don't know how I'm going to be affected by it yet. You know, like if it does make me a little sick. You know, I don't want it to like mess up my work ethic, you know,
Isaak: Like that was brought to why like that. Sorry, what
Isaak: Oh, here. Hold on. My dogs are
Isaak: Crying. Hold on. Let them inside.
Isaak: Sorry, that was high pitch.
Isaak: Okay.
Isaak: Sorry.
Shawn Phalen: So how long have you been on Suboxone
Isaak: Um, six months, like I wasn't like part of my original plan was at the six month mark which it just passed, I think, like,
Isaak: Four days ago yeah i think i started like in July or something. So I told myself on the six month I would start to like taper down so
Shawn Phalen: And so obviously the doctors on board with that she's cool
Isaak: Yeah, actually, the doctor, he's he's really cool. Um, I kind of like his ID on it. You know, like he's not pressuring me or anything to get off or stay on it you know he's
Isaak: He actually we had to change, like I had another doctor before but like he got a different job. So I got a new one. And I, I've only had him a few weeks now. But actually, like, So, what's his name. Um, I think it's Dr fig. Yeah. Yeah, he's cool. Okay, good. Yeah. Okay, so you feel like you're
Shawn Phalen: Ready to taper then
Yeah.
Isaak: That's the plan. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So is your goal, just to totally be off of it.
Isaak: Um, yeah, I mean, I know that I don't want to go like too fast, though, you know, like, I'm just going to drop down like four milligrams probably this week and stamp it for like
Isaak: I don't know, maybe a week or two and then try it again. And, you know, but I mean I'm hoping like five, maybe six months, I could maybe be off of it or be very close. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right. Um, and then what's so Tommy like what's going on with the work situation, you said you know
Isaak: Well yeah, I know I have a friend. He's worked at release forever. And he just recently became a manager now and they're hiring. So like
Isaak: That, that can be a job that I can easily get, you know, and it would only be part time probably so that'd be good, but the only reason why
Isaak: We're going to get as like a graveyard shift like it overnight talking and talking. But I don't know, like I just kind of fixed my sleeping pattern like these past few months, like, you know, I mean, getting up early and stuff. And I don't know, just kind of, I don't know.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Isaak: There's still a proper nice. I mean, I'm not too worried about it because, like, I've noticed that I've just been, I've been getting a lot of job offers you know and like so. I mean, I'm not worried about that.
Isaak: Okay, that's good. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: How the group's going for you.
Isaak: They're pretty good. Like I said, I like the doctor and I like the yet the other like group counselor. She's cool and stuff. And you know, I can relate with some of the people there you know i mean they're cool.
Grandma You still have
Isaak: Oh yeah, she's, she's doing better. She's a her leg. She could block. Now, you know,
Isaak: Yeah, so
Okay.
Sorry, still helping out a lot.
Isaak: Um, yeah, I mean that's mainly what I've been doing, like, I'll help around here or help like at my aunt's house and like just basically, you know, visit family have family visit here or see friends as much in my life.
Isaak: Okay but but it's all right for now.
Isaak: There, good one of mine actually he had this weird like your thing. I don't know what it was called, but something like chemo or something.
Isaak: toma or something, I don't know hematoma or something. It's for like to get this blood vessel thing and it like I don't know. So he had to get it drained.
Isaak: And he's like, for dog and like he had to have that cone on his head for, like, I don't know, like three weeks. And it was just a nightmare like
Isaak: It's like a very like passive and docile dog like even let's my new puppy like kind of boss him around. So like
Isaak: I don't know, like I was afraid he wasn't drinking water because we also had to get like an extra like longer cone, because he was able to get his hind leg and scratch it. Well, it was healing.
Isaak: So like I was afraid he was getting water and stuff. So I was like, I had this like little like syringe thing and I was like spring water in his mouth and it was a nightmare.
Shawn Phalen: And hey, are you still working on a lot
Isaak: Yeah, yeah. For the most part, I'm sorry. Hold on.
Isaak: Yeah, I pretty much I try to walk like at least every day. If I don't do anything else.
Hi.
I'm
Anything else, like you want to go over anything pressing
Isaak: And not that I could think of off the top my head, really. I mean, things have been pretty good. I think that in. I'm sure next month. Like, I'll have more to say because I'll be like tapering and stuff. You know what I mean.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I'm curious.
Shawn Phalen: Changes. Yeah, right.
Isaak: Yeah, I'm curious to see how that works. So, yeah.
Okay, so let's do this.
Shawn Phalen: Let's make an appointment, towards the end.
Isaak: You want, do you want to be towards the end of February. Sure.
Isaak: You're going to get that paper and stuff.
Shawn Phalen: What days are your groups again.
Isaak: I'm Thursdays at like three. It doesn't matter if it's the same day. I mean,
Shawn Phalen: Okay, can you do Wednesday, February 26
Isaak: Yeah.
Do you want to do around five o'clock.
Isaak: Yeah, sure. That's fine. Okay.
Isaak: So the 26
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Isaak: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So, then fine, you know, by then you'll have started to obviously taper, you know,
Isaak: Yeah, and then we can kind of just, you know, want to keep in touch with you, you know, as you're tapering yeah
Shawn Phalen: Want to make sure that you know everything goes well.
Isaak: Yeah, cuz I'm sure. Like, I don't know, whatever. I get like way low or I might start seeing things are like, I don't know, it's gonna get tough, but I think I'm prepared for it, you know.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, we just want to make sure that you don't start having cravings again.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so, you know, I want you to be really aware as you start to taper want you to be really aware of how you're feeling okay and how you're thinking
Isaak: Okay.
Isaak: And if you start to, you know, feel like your cravings are kicking in again or any kind of depressions coming on, I want you to talk to the doctor about that now because, yeah, it's really important that you stay on top of that. Okay.
Isaak: Yeah.
Okay.
Alright, sounds good. Then I'm going to
Isaak: Go ahead. So like five o'clock. Yeah, sorry. Five o'clock. Okay. You were 26
Isaak: All right, well, thank you. Okay. Take care. Alright. Have a good night.